deps: Experiments with Corepack (#35398)
nodejs/node: doc/api/packages.md

When a package has an [`"exports"`][] field, this will take precedence over the
`"main"` field when importing the package by name.

### `"packageManager"`
<!-- YAML
added:
  - REPLACEME
-->

> Stability: 1 - Experimental

* Type: {string}

```json
{
  "packageManager": "<package manager name>@<version>"
}
```

The `"packageManager"` field defines which package manager is expected to be

> used when working on the current project. The npm client doesn't use this field
> at the moment, but defining it to any of the [supported package managers][]
> will let your teams use the exact same package manager versions without
> installing anything else than Node.js.

Reviewer: I'm still a bit worried that this part could become outdated if npm were to release a new version with support for this field. @nodejs/npm do you know if this is something on the tracks?

Maybe we can rephrase it:
```suggestion
used when working on the current project. The npm client shipped with this version of
Node.js doesn't use this field, but defining it to any of the [supported package managers][]
will let your teams use the exact same package manager versions without
installing anything else than Node.js.
```

Author: Note that even if npm wants to use Corepack it'll require a small change in the tool (cf [this line of code](https://github.com/nodejs/corepack/blob/main/sources/types.ts#L18-L19)), which would require a PR on this repository - which would then update the documentation.

Author: I've updated the wording to simply point to the supported package manager page. I think it was the last "standalone" reference to which package managers were or weren't supported 🤔

When a package has an [`"exports"`][] field, this will take precedence over the
`"main"` field when importing the package by name.

### `"packageManager"`
<!-- YAML
added:
  - REPLACEME
-->

* Type: {string}

```json
{
  "packageManager": "<package manager name>@<version>"
}
```

The `"packageManager"` field defines which package manager is expected to be

> used when working on the current project. The npm client doesn't use this field
> at the moment, but defining it to any of `yarn` or `pnpm` will let your teams
> use the exact same package manager versions without installing anything else
> than Node.js.

Reviewer: I think we should avoid documenting which package managers are supported and which are not here, this information should be kept in `corepack.md`.
```suggestion
used when working on the current project.
```

Reviewer: This hasn't been addressed. Is this an overlook or do you disagree with the suggestion?

Author: Overlooked! Will fix that

Author: Done 🚀

[subpath exports]: #packages_subpath_exports
[subpath imports]: #packages_subpath_imports
[subpath patterns]: #packages_subpath_patterns

> [supported package managers]: corepack.md#supported-package-managers

Reviewer: This doesn't look right, it should be something like
```suggestion
[supported package managers]: corepack.md#corepack_supported_package_managers
```

Author: Hm I think I got lint errors with underscores - will try again with the `corepack` prefix
